ASE Project - OSINT-SPY
Group 11 - 
Project Report - Phase 1 Evaluations

Submitted By - Sayam Kumar
Roll No - S20180010158

What am I working at?
----------------------

My main task is to capture information available from various public resources. This information has to integrated with both Frontend and Backend

What technologies am I using?
-----------------------------

I have used python libraries to make the process of capturing information easier.
1. Requests Library - To send requests to dedicated urls using APIs.
2. Json Library - To format the response in json
3. Argparser Library - To parse custom argument to python file
4. Time Library - To check for internet connection timeouts
5. Blockcypher Library - To capture information about bitcoins

APIs used - 
1. Clear bit API - To find info about domain names
2. Shodan API - To find info about IP and devices
3. Full Contact API - To find info about emails
4. Virus Total API - To scan against malwares
5. Email Hunter API - To extract emails for a domain name

Technical Details
-----------------

1. The workflow of capturing the information is - First send the request, format the response in json, look for errors, send the reponse to frontend.
2. This work is closely integrated Frontend, Backend and Testing of code.
3. I have made a Django app named search for this.
4. For search bar, I have rendered a ModelForm
5. I have combined all searches into one function named query following a DRY approach.
6. For rendering json to html, I used templatetags of Django and populated fields using Jinja template
I also learnt Pytest for testing, Sphinx for documentation and will be using my already written blogs to deploy the website.

Challenges Faced
----------------

Ran into problems using templatetags in Django and Jinja template.
Also took time to account for errors in handling cases in API

Future Plan
-----------

Add support of Malware, Ssl, Sitemaps, Twitter Monitoring and Facebook Monitoring

References
----------

Documentation of APIs mentioned above
